Why did you need a network
 network are used to establish connection between two computer to share resources with the help of ethernet
STEP 1
HOW DO COMPUTER TALK TO EACH OTHER 

ETHERNET is a standard protocol that allows any number of computers to communicate with one another.
 Each computer that is connected to this ethernet is set up to have a unique address or ip address

What is an ip address
 Internet protocol-is a standard way for computers to communicate.when two computers communicate they use ip addresses to find one another.
Even if a computer has a NAME on the network(to make it easier for you to remember)it still uses an ip address to communicate with other machines.
message or request from one computer to another are broadcast and all of the machine that are connected via an ethernet cable can
hear the message.the machone that is the intended recipient of the message responds and the two machine transmit data to one another.


STEP 2
 WHY DID I NEED A NETWORK

You need network to share resources and to be abe to so a computer must have this part
1.network interface card 
2.USB adapter

STEP 3
 HOW DO I CONNECT COMPUTER 
If you want to connect two computers, all you need is a twisted pair and an interface in each computer.
A twisted cable is an Ethernet cable that has a pair of wires that cross somewhere between the ends
Usually, the wires inside an Ethernet cable go "straight-through." When constructing a network,
you usually want to use straight through Ethernet cables, except when you are connecting one computer directly to another.
You can plug each end of the cable into each computer and you have a very simple network.

STEP 4
 HOW DO I CONNECT 3 OR MORE COMPUTER
In order to connect three or more computers you should use crossover Ethernet cable. 
You must be able to plug the Ethernet cables into a device that will allow signals to be transmitted to one another.
 There are several devices that will allow you to do this:
1.A HUB
2.A SWITCH
3.A ROUTER

A hub is simply a device that repeats the signals it receives. It does not know which computers are connected to it,
and it does not do any network processing based on the source or destination computer.

A switch is similar to a hub except that it registers the IP addresses of the computers plugged into it. When it receives a message 
it only sends it to the intended recipient.

A router is similar to a switch, but it performs a number of useful networking functions:

It allows you to create a home network (like a switch), but a router actually separates networks allowing you
to share your Internet access without being dependent on one computer's connection (unlike a switch).

It provides built-in firewall capabilities that do not hinder network performance.
You can share your broadband connection without purchasing additional IP addresses

